I'm pleased to announce a new release of MMM : 0.418. As the minor
increment in version number (due to an intended fixpoint at 0.42, geeks
know why) shows, this is just a minor release to remain compatible
with the up-to-date verion of Objective Caml.

A quote for someone who is not geek:

	"O people waiting in the Shadow of Deep Thought!" he cried  out.
	"Honoured Descendants of Vroomfondel and Majikthise,the Greatest
	and Most Truly Interesting Pundits the Universe has  ever  known
	... The Time of Waiting is over!"
	[...] 
	"Seven and a half million years our  race  has waited  for  this
	Great  and  Hopefully Enlightening Day!" cried the cheer leader.
	"The Day of the Answer!"
	[...] 
	"The time is nearly upon us," said one, and Arthur was surprised
	to see a word suddenly materialize in thin air just by the man's
	neck. The word was Loonquawl, and it flashed a couple  of  times
	and then disappeared again. Before Arthur was able to assimilate
	this the other man spoke and the word  Phouchg  appeared by  his
	neck.

	"Seventy-five thousand generations ago, our ancestors  set  this
	program in motion," the second man said,"and in all that time we
	will be the first to hear the computer speak."

	"An awesome prospect, Phouchg," agreed the first man, and Arthur
	suddenly   realized   that  he  was  watching  a recording  with
	subtitles.

	"We are the ones who will hear," said Phouchg,"the answer to the
	great question of Life ...!"

	"The Universe ...!" said Loonquawl.

	"And Everything ...!"

	"Shhh," said Loonquawl with  a  slight  gesture, "I  think  Deep
	Thought is preparing to speak!"

	There was a  moment's expectant  pause whilst panels slowly came
	to life on the front of  the  console. Lights flashed on and off
	experimentally and settled down into a businesslike  pattern.  A
	soft low hum came from the communication channel.

	"Good morning," said Deep Thought at last.

	"Er ... Good morning, O Deep Thought," said Loonquawl nervously,
	"do you have ... er, that is ..."

	"An answer for you?" interrupted Deep Thought majestically."Yes.
	I have."

	The two men shivered with expectancy. Their waiting had not been
	in vain.

	"There really is one?" breathed Phouchg.

	"There really is one," confirmed Deep Thought.

	"To Everything? To the great Question of Life, the  Universe and
	Everything?"

	"Yes."

	Both of the men had been trained for this moment,their lives had
	been  a  preparation  for it, they had been selected at birth as
	those who would witness the  answer,  but  even  so  they  found
	themselves gasping and squirming like excited children.

	"And you're ready to give it to us?" urged Loonquawl.

	"I am."

	"Now?"

	"Now," said Deep Thought.

	They both licked their dry lips.

	"Though I don't think," added Deep Thought,"that you're going to
	like it."

	"Doesn't matter!" said Phouchg. "We must know it! Now!"

	"Now?" inquired Deep Thought.

	"Yes! Now ..."

	"Alright," said the computer and settled into silence again. The
	two men fidgeted. The tension was unbearable.

	"You're really not going to like it," observed Deep Thought.

	"Tell us!"

	"Alright," said Deep Thought. "The Answer to the  Great Question
	..."

	"Yes ...!"

	"Of Life, the Universe and Everything ..." said Deep Thought.

	"Yes ...!"

	"Is ..." said Deep Thought, and paused.

	"Yes ...!"

	"Is ..."

	"Yes ...!!!...?"

	"Forty-two," said Deep Thought, with infinite majesty and calm.

	[ The Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy by Douglas Adams ]
